**[WP] The Bullet Smith specializes in making bullets for specific targets and always finishes the order by inscribing each bullet with the target’s name. One day they get an order for a target they know very well.**
_____
"You don't turn down business, right?" The customer said, her face plain, expressionless, as if the ask wasn't the most unusual the Bullet Smith had ever heard.

"Aye, that's what the sign says," he said. And that was true. He had fashioned the sign years ago when he first set up shop. *The Bullet Smith. Any Bullet. Any Day.* He now regretted the phrasing. "You should know, this is a complicated ask."

"I'm aware," she said. The customer, for she had not yet given her name--as per the rules of the Smith--was young, no older than he was when he began his first adventure, but from the looks of her, hundreds of miles from home. She had an antique single-barrel, however, and the Smith could see the repairs &amp; customization that had been made to it over the years. 

"I'm not a young lad anymore, miss," he said, staring at the gun, "and this single-barrel is much, *much* older than I am." It had a black leather band wrapped against the grip, which had a now-distinct golden inlay--part of the gold had been stripped out. The barrel was dull, made from a dwarven steel that had gone useless in the past fifty years, but it was a magnum. Ancient as it was, it could still fire a bullet.

"It was my father's," she said. "Can you do it or not?"

He looked at her again. "I can," he said, "but it will take a while. And the coin--"

The customer dropped a canvas bag on the counter that buckled under it's own weight. He could hear the coin shift inside. The Smith reached over, opened it slightly, and saw she had it. How she came to have it, he wondered. "We have a tavern acro--"

"I'll stay here." The Smith nodded, noted her abruptness, and reached for the magnum. She reached out her own hand, gripping the entire thing in her large palms. "No," she said.

"I need to see the chamber to get the sizing correct, otherwise it'll shatter the bullet, and possibly destroy the gun itself," the Smith said. "My technique is different, but it's why so many come to me." He held up his hands, "I only sell the bullet, miss, I don't shoot 'em."

She eyed him up and lifted herself over the counter just slightly to look down and around his feet. Many people had done it in the past, to see if the Bullet Smith really didn't carry a gun.

"The way I saw it," he said, "anyone who shot me already had a Bullet made."

She backed down, but her grip from the magnum didn't break. She took a deep breath, her eyes squinted, and then she removed her hand. In one motion, she turned away and walked towards the door. "No one else enters," she said, and turned the small wooden sign from "Open" to "Closed." The customer locked the door.

"Aye," the Smith said and then grabbed the single-barrel. It was still warm to the touch--it had been used recently. The Smith took the weapon and turned to his workbench. He popped open the barrel and peered inside. "A forty-two, eh? Where'd you get this?" He heard footsteps come towards him, but there was no response. They continued, and he realized she was pacing. He reached up to his shelf, filtering his hands through his boxes to find the necessary ingredients for a forty-two single-barrel bullet. "Only seen a few of these pass few here," he said, then added, "and even less dwarves."

The steps stopped. He pulled down the contraption on his head, pushing several different magnifying glasses in front of his eyes. The Smith adjusted a few, and then began his work.

"So, what does bring a dwarf this far north?"

There was a grunt. "I thought you didn't ask questions."

He laughed, a great bellow coming from him. "Who told you that? I may make bullets, but I am human--conversation's in our blood."

Another grunt. "Not the only thing."

"I figured Jarrod was a human," the Smith said. "What'd he do?"

No response. He continued his work, packing the powder first and laying the shell of the bullet on his workbench. He reached for the requested materials, dragon scale and diamond, and laid them out. It was a complicated magic, to blend these two ingredients together with the requested tonic, but he knew the ritual well.

"Not judging," he started, "maybe he deserved it. Maybe not. Maybe you're just a child looking for vengeance."

"I'm not a child," the customer said, "and what he did, he deserves far worse."

"Far worse, eh?" The Smith shrugged and said, "Not sure what's worse than your soul being trapped to your murderer's weapon of choice." He dabbed his hand into the tonic he had pulled from the top shelf and started the coating. "Gives it a nice kick, always does--that hatred, but there's always a price to pay."

"I already paid you."

He laughed again, the customer was just a kid. "Aye, you did, but I'm not referring to that. There's a lot you probably don't know about this world, especially with us humans, but I'm sure you'll learn."

As he finished coating the diamonds, he tilted his head back. The customer was leaning against the counter, her eyes staring out his shop's windows rather than looking at his work. She cared, of course, but she was focused elsewhere and on too much.

"I was your age, by human standards, when I set off on my own. Not forced out, I chose the life," the Smith said, now beginning to coat the dragon scales. "Smithing came easy to me so I found work where I could, crafted tonics, books, weapons, and as I got better, moved to bullets. Hard thing, they are, but I got good at it. The targeting takes a while, you know? To get it *just* right that it goes for the intended."

He turned back to the counter and tapped once on the wood. "Do you have a *Piece*?" He said, palm out.

The customer turned. She looked at him, at his palm, and said, "What were you talking about?"

"Hm?"

"When you said you weren't referring to the gold?" She reached into her pocket and pulled out a small object. He could see it glisten. It was an earring. "What were you referring to?"

He took a deep breath. The Smith didn't try to stray people from their goal often, but Jarrod was a different target. A different beast entirely. And while he might've deserved death, as the Smith and all of humanity knew, it wouldn't be at the hand of this dwarf. "Bullet Smithing is hard," he said, "and when an ask like this comes in, you have to be careful." He gestured for her to hand the *Piece* over.

She dropped the earring in his hand and it was as he suspected. A golden phoenix hung on small silver needle. Not the Emperor's sigil, but his son's. He held it there a moment, said, "It's not just his soul that will be bound. This is a path not many tread."

The customer looked at him. Her face caving in, eyebrows tilting inward as she held back tears. She sniffed once, then twice, and opened her eyes. Maybe she was stronger than he thought, but she held it all back. "Then bind it," she said and forced his hand to close over the earring.

"Aye," the Smith said and he returned to the Bullet.