**[WP] Something about the party's Paladin has always bothered the Rogue. Despite being cheery and upbeat, the Paladin had a disturbing savagery to the way they fought, and the Rogue swears that they heard inhuman growls from under that visor. Seeking answers, the Rogue infiltrates the Paladin's tent**
___________
"*And though he tried* / 
*to change the Wind* / 
*and float above the skies!* / 
*Oh, he could never find a day* /
*that was as bright as she!*"

So sang Adoian, the bard of their small troupe. And the others listened and cheered and drank with him in the tavern hall, but Alithrya had stopped listening hours ago. Her attention had turned to their Paladin friend, Bedivere, who had retired for the night.

"It's not just how he acts around *us*, Cale," she said to another member of the troupe, "but how ferocious he is in battle. You didn't hear the growls last time? Something is wrong with Bedivere."

"We were in a dungeon, Ali!" Cale said, drinking from his tankard. He turned his head slightly from her, smiled at a few local girls, then turned back. "Half of us were pre-occupied fighting a damned dragon, remember?"

Alithrya scoffed, both at Cale's assumption that she wasn't part of that half and his use of her most hated nickname. It was Alithrya of Elmarius, not *Ali*. She wasn't human and she hated the names they used for each other. "The other half of us were saving the cityfolk, remember?"

Cale shrugged and said, "Listen, not saying one is better than the other or that you didn't hear--well, what you think you heard, but--" He polished off his ale, "It's done. If you have something to talk about, bring it up at the next meeting."

"Which will be when exactly?"

Cale wasn't look at her. He was making eyes at the girls across the table from him, the ones singing and dancing along to Adoian's songs about some of their troupe's greatest deeds. It was Adoian who came up with that idea anyway, the bard in him never passing up the chance to pass along legends.

"Cale?"

"Yeah, yeah, uhm," he said, standing up and bumping into the table. Alithrya rolled her eyes. *How did this brute become our leader?* "Tomorrow, Ali, tomorrow." And he was gone.

Alithrya sighed as she fell back against the table. She looked around the tavern. They had been in this backwater city for a month now, causing enough trouble to *bring* a dragon about and then struck it down in awe of every man and woman about. They had filled their coffers weeks ago. The city had nothing more to give and all she wanted to do was leave. But, it wasn't her choice. Adoian and Cale were the declared leaders of their small group and she could do nothing more than ride along.

*Well, if no one else is interested*, she thought and stood up. She threw her hood up, heard Adoian begin the chorus to the The Silken Meadow, a song which she hated, and then headed out the door.

It was a snowy night, which would not make it easy, but Bedivere had been acting strange for weeks now. Yes, he was his typical, uptight Paladin self, but in battle? His intensity and strength seemed to have doubled. It wasn't as if the man doubled his muscles overnight. They had been on the road when the changes happened, rations were made for a reason.

She shuffled into the snow and headed towards their camp. While those like Adoian and Cale preferred the tavern and the heated fireplaces and the *damned-awful* noise of human civilization, Alithrya and a few others preferred the outer camp they had set up. The wilderness reminded her of home, which she appreciated the farther South she went.

It was a quick walk and she quickly saw the dim fire of the encampment, guarded by a few humble town guard who offered their services in payment for the slain dragon. She escaped their view easily, taking a side path she had carved out in case of emergencies--or in this case, to avoid anyone she didn't wish to talk to.

Alithrya's tent was on the far side of camp, but she was headed to Bedivere's. The Paladin had set up towards the back, unusually far from how he normally did so. He had also increasingly left celebrations earlier and earlier, even moreso than Alithrya. Not many noticed, but she did. Things just didn't add up.

She crept towards his tent slowly, skulking behind the shade in case anyone else was awake. Their Wizard, Xanzi, was probably reading, and the barbarian of the group had probably fallen asleep eating the turkey he caught earlier, but she didn't want to make a mistake. Alerting anyone to her presence would ruin the plan. So she crept and took her time until the flapping of the Paladin's flag alerted her to his tent.

She came up to it slowly and saw lanterns and candles were still lit. He was awake, or had fallen asleep, so she waited. The snow fell upon her shoulders, her head, covered her boots, but still she waited. 

It felt like hours, but eventually she heard Bedivere. She shuffled the snow off of her and moved towards the tent's entrance. He was opening a chest and picking things out, tossing items here and there. "Where? Where is it?" She heard him say, but constantly, over and over again as the items tossed across the ground.

Carefully, she removed her blade. So quietly that even if Bedivere was listening for her, he could not hear. She reached forward, touched the canvas to his tent with one end of the blade and pulled it aside. She peered inward.

Alithrya of Elmarius had seen much in her life, but what Bedivere had become shocked her. Not because it was monstrous, but because she had seen it once before. Once a beautiful human, Bedivere's skin had changed to a dark and faded grey. His hair had thinned out from long, golden locks to wispy and fragile silver. She could not see his eyes, but she knew they were void, grey and dull like all things in shadow. He not changed in any other way and still his armor sat snugly against his form. It was Bedivere, but a taken Bedivere.

She did not hesitate. Alithrya opened the canvas the whole way and immediately hid her knife in her sleeve. She threw down her hood and held both hands up as the now-shocked Bedivere turned to her, his wide grey-eyes staring back. "Alithrya! What--no, wait, what are--"

"Bedivere, calm yourself, please," she said, holding up her hands. The canvas flapped a few times behind her and his eyes shifted between her and the tent's opening. She understood and closed it shut. "I know what's happened."

"No, no? How could you--you couldn't, you wouldn't understand. Things have changed," he said, talking fast. He was shaking, turning this way and that. "No time to rest, to celebrate. We must move."

"For *she* commands it."

"Fo--for she commands it. How are, you, she?"

"On the roads, what did you encounter?"

"A raven, said I was ill. How it knew, I did not know. I was dying, Alithrya, of an illness I did not know, but I knew my time would come soon. It was why I wanted to head home," Bedivere said, walking closer to her. "Told me--well, it didn't tell me really."

"It showed you," she said.

He nodded, "Yes, yes. Showed me how it would cure me, what I would need to do to repay it. My God did not come then, did not offer aid, did not show mercy, but this one had chosen me. I *felt* that."

"As did I, many years ago," Alithrya said. "We call her the Raven Queen," she smirked and then casted a simple, but powerful spell.

In a moment, Alithrya's entire appearance changed. She could see herself from Bedivere's mirror. A beautiful and lean elf with flowing brown hair morphed and shifted. Her skin turned pale to a dull grey and her hair thinned out--turning to a color that reminded her more of ash than anything. Her lean body shriveled just slightly, but noticeably. And her eyes, she could feel those eyes tighten as they morphed from blue to black.

"When?"

"Years ago," she said, "when Elmarius was torched. The Raven found me, too. Bloody, burned, beaten. Offered life in return of service for 'it was not my time.' I am sure she said the same to you." Bedivere nodded and a small grin appeared at the corner of his mouth. "We may look dead, Bedivere, but we are far from it. We take on the appearance of how we would look in the Shadowfell, when we will finally join the Queen. You can see it, can't you? You're between realms."

He nodded, "I thought it a curse more than anything--that I had been tricked, but she comes to me in my dreams. Tells me what to do, but it's so hard to listen."

"I can show you how to come back to this realm in time. She has not visited me in a long time, but I think you are the key to my last dream."

"Your last dream?"

"Right when I joined this troupe of ours, the Raven came in a vision. One of the most visceral and unforgettable ones. She told me to stay on course. To continue." Alithrya smiled and opened her hand to Bedivere, who took it without hesitation. "She told to me to wait. And now I know why. You, Bedivere, and I, will rid this world of undeath and those who seek immortality." She clasped his hand, and said, "As the world should be. We all die eventually."