**[WP] In the far future, humanity has finally completely terraformed mars. The next day, several species of aliens visit earth to congratulate us on becoming a tier three civilization.**
_________________
"Multiple contacts, sir," the restrained voice of Ensign William Ivitts said. He had never seen anything like it. Dozens of blips appeared on the radars, followed by hundreds, before there were over a thousand different contacts on screen. 

"Jesus Christ," his Captain said, almost too quiet to hear. "All hands to stations, this is a red alert, red alert! Ivitts, get me eyes on the largest of the contacts!"

Ivitts cycled through a dozen signatures before he found one he had never seen before. It was an unfathomable size, larger than any star cruiser in the entire fleet. *Possibly"*, Ivitts thought, *larger than the entire fleet combined.* He flicked his fingers and the viewscreen that covered the entirety of the deck sprung to life. On screen was a massive star cruiser of alien design. In fact, it looked to be a mishandled pile of all different sorts of star ships.

On one corner, Ivitts stared, there was even a small glass dome, with a continent of green and blue hidden beneath it. On the opposite side, a massive industrial complex, complete with tall billowing pillars. IVitts eyes skipped across the entirety of the star cruiser, jumping from what only could be described as an amusement park on one spectrum, to an entire airfield on the other. It was unlike anything he had ever seen and more than anything, it perplexed him.

"Okay, so we've got a star cruiser with more continents on it than planet-*fucking*-Mars," said his Captain, "and a thousand other contacts with enough power to decimate the entire planet." He paused. And he stayed paused for a long while. Ivitts was among the first to turn in his chair and look at him. Before long, the entire command deck was awaiting their commander. "In all my years, ladies and gentlemen, I have no orders for you. Stand ground and prepare for the worst."

"Sir, if this is a terrestrial invasion," one of the Lieutenants on the bridge said, "we have to act."

"I will not give any order to attack unless provoked, LT!" The Captain shouted.

*Beep.*

"We can't allow this to grow," the Lieutenant said, "we must make a decision and *do* something."

*Beep.*

"Negative, I will not let this get out of my hands so quickly. Until we see a certifiable threat, we remain on alert."

Others joined now, arguing for the best course of action. Many joined the Captain, many others said nothing. Ivitts saw the communication officer stand up from his chair. "Martian Defense Forces are going nuts," he said loud enough for all to hear, "even Earth is on the action. This is already out of hand, sir!"

"No, I will not stand for it."

*Beep*, Ivitts heard it. He turned back to his station, a monitor filled with a dozen active alerts, but one had triggered the alert, one--above all others--stood out the most. "Sir!" Ivitts said, but still the arguing continued. He heard a shout of *Warn the fleet,* another of *Open diplomatic channels to Earth.*

He yelled louder now, knowing he had a lot to compete with. But this was important. "Sir!" He said, hushing a few others, before he turned, looked at the Captain and shouted, "Sir!" Eyes landed on him, more than any he ever had in his time with the fleet. "I am seeing a large energy spike from the main contact."

The Captain looked at him, cold, sharp eyes staring back. He saw his eye twitch, then, "What kind of spike?"

Ivitts turned back to the monitor. It was jumping off the charts. *This must be wrong,* he thought. "Huge, sir. Larger than the last nuke," he said aloud, "Christ, larger than *all* of the last nukes."

The Captain held fast, tried to remain calm, said, "Where is it's epicenter? Pinpoint a location, Ensign, and get a target on screen."

"Sir, that's it," Ivitts said, "there's no one source." He looked up at the view screen and said, "The spikes are emanating from every point on the cruiser. It's like it's heating up--"

"We have a confirmed launch from the main contact!" Another shouted, interrupting him. "I don't know what, but something just launched from that--"

The screen hissed and flashed. As if something had just exploded right next to it. Ivitts rubbed at his eyes. The screen eventually pulled back, the software trying to re-adjust for the bright flash. It staggered a moment, before pulling all the way back to reveal the entirety of the unknown fleet. Ivitts could see it now, barely, but even he recognized what was happening.

The first explosion was a bright gold, emanating from the main cruiser. It grew so large until it covered the entire cruiser, and then disappeared into a million other streams. The firework that had just gone off was big enough to level an island. But in space, Ivitts learned, there wasn't much of anything to hit. A thousand other projectiles fired, exploding in vast, bright, and downright *lovely* patterns across the entire horizon. It was, Ivitts realized, a tremendously well-executed display. A thousands ships blasting fireworks in a perfect pattern, as the explosions didn't interfere with one another, but added to each other. Until, finally, Ivitts saw it.

The fireworks were writing out a word. A word in perfect *English*, complete with punctuation. It was to show the humans that these visitors were happy for them. And Ivitts thought, that they weren't there to destroy everything they had created. He smirked, staring out at the word on the screen, and wondered what would happen next.

**Congratulations!**