**[WP] He was born first and you were born second. Simple as that, but he's being groomed to take father's place, and you're training to be his bodyguard. You go through grueling exercises and training regiments while he is pampered and educated. Tonight's the first time his life will be threatened.**
___________

The armor of the Eternal hung solemnly in the center of the room, supported by chains and ropes that kept it slightly off the ground. It was the first time Adrian had seen the suit of armor in person, only ever having viewed it through photos and paintings. The Eternal, guardian of the elite, who stood at the right hand of the First.

"The Eternal has seen wear and tear through it's years," said Master Tyon, "but it has never been damaged beyond repair. It is our nations first and last line of defense, a gift passed from our Gods."

"I have read the scriptures, trained night and day," Adrian said, "and I am ready. When she is set to take the Oath, I will be by her side." Adrian stepped lightly into the room, which was dimly lit with lanterns floating from the ceiling. This was a holy place, he knew, but more importantly, it would be the last time anyone would know Adrian.

Master Tyon followed him, his footsteps as light as Adrian's, and the two walked towards the centerpiece--the Eternal armor--gifted by the Gods. It was a towering example of engineering, capable of empowering the wearer with great strength, agility, and intelligence. It was a marvel, Adrian knew, and the photos and paintings did it no justice.

He stepped up to the suit, which towered above him, almost thrice his size. It was beautiful, in every sense of the word. The size of its feet alone would be enough to crush a man, to squeeze the life from anyone who dared stand in their way. But to be granted that power, the suit had to deem one worthy, and it had not done so in generations.

"Before you cast your light," Master Tyon said, "there is one final test."

Adrian snapped to attention, turning straight towards Master Tyon. The old man, a robe covering his face, did not motion to Adrian at all, but he knew. "What would you have be do?"

"Nothing, but stand and listen, this is to be your first lesson in your new life. But Adrian must know this before he becomes Eternal, just as she knows this before she becomes Empress." Tyon said. 

Adrian nodded and kept quiet.

"Generations ago, the Dynasty ruled over the Dominion of Men; lording over planets, protecting billions, ending threats of heresy and blasphemy before they had a chance to sprout in the hearts of the innocent. When those not of our blood attacked, the armies of the Dominion would sail out, across the void, led by the Eternal and the Emperor, fighting to protect Men from the creatures that wished to destroy it.

"On one such Crusade, the hearts of the innocent turned to blackness. Their ideas turned to action. Human blood was spilled by other humans, for the first time in a millennia. And the Dominion began to crumble--world by world, until we only remained a shell of what we were. Emperors died and the Last Eternal left our world, calling out that the time of our reckoning would come again." Tyon stepped forward, next to Adrian, and lifted his head. He stared at the powerful suit of armor above him and sighed. "My Order was tasked with guarding the Eternal until that time came. On the eve of the destruction of our homeworld, a place you may see in memories, two children were born. And the Eternal called out a name."

Adrian turned now, too, staring at the powerful suit in front of him. For a moment, he felt it--the very life force of those who once bore the suit--emanating from it. That moment, a single second, was all he needed to understand.

"It named me, rather than her."

"Tradition called for you to take the mantle of Emperor," he said, "but what is tradition when challenged by the very Gods who started it all?" Tyon shook his head, "We knew what was in store for you, and in turn, what was in turn for your sister, the true heir to the Dominion. So my Order took you in, and the Courts took your sister."

"You taught me," Adrian said, "since I was a child to believe in the Gods and their choices, to understand that my body is but a vessel for something greater. That one day, sooner than I imagined, I would become something more. You mention memories." He stared at the suit of armor, his eyes resting upon the helmet, black titanium staring back at him. "It is the memories of those who once donned this armor, yes?"

Master Tyon nodded, said, "Yes."

"She will not know me."

"She will not."

"But she is chosen by the Gods."

"And so are you. For two different purposes." Tyon turned to Adrian now, rested a hand upon his shoulder, and said, "The Dynasty has not seen an Empress in a thousand years. She will be challenged. You will help her."

"I understand," Adrian said.

"Do you?" Master Tyon said, "Once you become Eternal, you have no claim, no right, no inkling of connection to the throne. She has been pampered, educated, gifted with abilities you and I will never know. You will be, too, but gifted with abilities far different."

"I know my destiny," Adrian said, before looking at Tyon, "and something tells me you know something of hers as well."

"She is destined to bring us back from destruction, to empower the Dominion of Man once more. But to do that, she must not only be loved. She must be *feared*."

Adrian turned back to the suit, his eyes making contact with the helmet. He knew there was no true man inside, but he could feel the souls of all those who had taken it on before stare back at him. Generations of protectors ready to gift him with knowledge and power only a few could ever understand.

"I am not just to be a Guardian," Adrian said, his hand brushed against the titanium plating and he could feel those inside the suit call out to him. Eternal in their embrace. "I am to be her enforcer and in turn, we will sail across the cosmos and bring the Dominion back. One planet at a time."

"But tonight," Tyon said, "you become Eternal. And she, crowned Empress. She will be in danger every step of the way from here on out."

Adrian nodded. "Then, let us begin."