[WP] The human entrance onto the galactic stage has made the job of bounty hunters and assassins difficult: If a target has befriended a human, the human must be killed also. For a human bereaved is the most terrifying of sapients, and ancestors help those who disregard this.
____________________
Elias, of the planet Turmos, had lived a long, healthy life as a bounty hunter. His name had traveled through the galaxy as half-living legend, half-myth, and there was not many of his species who did not know his tale. They would carry on his story. Yet, his long and healthy life (half of an average humans due to the Yolaves ancestry in his blood), was coming to and end. And he knew it.

Elias had ripped usurpers from their thrones, politicians from their corrupted podiums, and now and then, would run a favor for someone on his world. His adventures had taken him across the galaxy, from the outer territories, to the inner sanctum of the Council. There was only one place he had never gone, and for the first (and last) time in his life, he had watched the Great Waterfalls on Cantix VII, feeling water brush against his hardy leather skin.

"You know," he spoke aloud, to no one in particular, "I always knew you would come. It's just, you age so slowly."

No one replied, but he did hear the soft footsteps of another being come up to him. Elias was sitting on the edge of a cliff, watching the sun set on the final planet he'd ever step foot on. To die at home was never a Yolaves trait.

"The falls are quite beautiful," he said, his eyes stretching to the heavens. Mountains of rock floated in the sky, waterfalls ran down and rained upon the tropical forests, giving life and energy to those on the ground. "I had never been, but when I heard about your inquiries, I knew it was a matter of time. So here I am."

"You know who I am?" The being finally said. 

"I do," he said. "A mistake from when I was new to this field of work, a young and naïve Yolaves hoping to make his place in this galaxy."

"That all I am? A mistake?"

Elias shrugged, he wasn't sure what to say. He had never known this being, nor chosen to get to know them. He had taken the job to get out of the slums, and when he was given the mark, the last thing he expected was for them - a Nianes - to have a human child. Or, well, half-human. "I imagine many people would have called you that, given your ancestry," he said harshly.

The human sat down next to him. He did not flinch. "You're dying, aren't you?"

"End of my cycle, yes." Elias turned to look at them. They were beautiful, their human genes far outweighing their Nianes ones. Humans were potent like that, their genes mutated and merged with alien genes to become something *more* than what they were. Evolution, as all humans claimed, was in their hands. "How old are you?"

"Twenty-three," she said, brushing the hair back from her eyes, wrapping them around her ears. "You know, I'm not sure what I expected. In my memories, you were this hulking thing of an alien - a demon incarnate there to take away my family and home, which you did, by the way."

Elias was silent. What more could he say? He had lived the life of a merciless bounty hunter for years. Though, he was not without *some* mercy in his early days. That mercy sat next to him on the cliffside this very moment.

"But seeing you here, facing my family's killer, you're just another alien in this world. Another one trying to make a life in a life-threatening galaxy. Maybe you're not a demon incarnate, but you took everything from me." 

She sighed and took a deep breath. Elias faced her again, she did not look at him, but she stared off, watching water fall from the heavens. "You chose a good place to die," she turned to him now, and he recognized the face. 

She had grown considerably in the eighteen years he had last seen her. A five year-old hiding beneath the bed to this, a woman in her own right on a quest for revenge. He could still remember that day -- the Nianes laying on top of the bed, blood pouring out from her skull. And below her, hidden away, but visible to Elias, was her -- the human that he spared.

"If I had known you would be old and decrepit, I would not have made the journey," she said. She leaned back on her hands, staring down the horizon. "But I had made little ol' me a promise all those years ago. That I would find you. And I would kill you. And the view is pretty nice."

Elias smirked. "Ah, just death? No human anecdote about how you wanted me to feel the same pain you did? Your lust for revenge? Your thirst for blood?"

"Heh, that what they tell you? That every human is on a quest for vengeance?" She shrugged. "Could be true, but I'm half-human. I only carry some of their ideology.

"Besides, what's pain to a Yolaves? You are some of the harshest, cruelest, and downright merciless species in the galaxy. I guess that's what a thirty-year lifespan does to you all. Fending by the time you could walk, killing by the time you spoke, taking jobs no one else would." She looked at him, full-on now, and her eyes pierced Elias. He had always tried to avoid humans. Even the half-bred ones.

"Some of us are not without mercy," he said.

She smirked, "You mean you, yeah? Leaving a five-year old human alive in a world where you're taught *we're* the enemy?" Then she laughed, a hearty chuckle. "I guess in a way letting me live was a mercy, and a punishment. By the same token of your species, I had to do the same. Fend for myself, kill or be killed, take jobs no one else would."

"You... are an--"

"Assassin? Bounty Hunter? More or less." She reached into her jacket, removed a weapon and placed it on top of her thigh. "There's not much else to say, is there?"

Elias turned back to the horizon. "No," he said, "I knew you would come. And here you are."

She nodded. "Here I am." Then she grabbed her weapon, stood at his side, and waited. The sun was setting after all.

Elias took one last look at the tropics of Cantix VII. A good place to die, she had said, and he agreed. It was better than what most in the galaxy were able to do.

"Oh," he said, and removed a holochip from his pockets, "one last thing, as is tradition within my species." He slid it between his two fingers, and lifted it into the air. "The entirety of my estate -- ship, money, everything. Passed off to the next. I'm sure you have one of your own, but the ship treated me well. I imagine it will do well with you." 

Elias did not see her take it, but he felt her remove it from his grasp. Heard the telltale sign of her sliding it into her pocket. He nodded. For a brief moment, the entirety of his life flashed before his eyes. All that was left was him, sitting on a cliffside, watching waterfalls and birds fly, and he felt -- then and there -- a little bliss. He was lucky, he knew that.

And so did she. But the past was the past, and she had grieved and cried and hurt for years. No amount of pain to this Yolaves would ever solve that. So, she took her weapon, aimed it at Elias, and pulled the trigger.

His body would fall off the cliffside, tumble down deep into the waters of Cantix VII and feed the life on the planet. And she would be left alone -- again -- in a galaxy that would threaten her life on each and every step she took. Yet now she was free of him -- of her quest -- and for the first time, in a single Yolaves lifetime, she was free to make her own path.