[WP] A detail often missed by most is that a Genie can only add one side effect per wish. A seemingly simple man wishes for there to be "world peace within my lifetime," knowing that the Genie will twist his wish by giving him what he truly desires: immortality.
_________________
*Writer's note: I did slightly change the end portion of this prompt, you'll see!*

__________________________

Wanda Abbott had met Buster Dewitt in the same space station, on the same star date, for over three decades. Their standing appointment, though it was less formal than that, had been one of the more consistent things in her life since her final wish, which had given Buster freedom after one of *his* final tricks.

She sat, in the newest fashion of Substation Omega -- a large wolf pelt's cape and some mix of leather and titanium bodysuit that not only protected Wanda, but ensured she'd have oxygen in the case of accidental depressurization (not that she needed it) -- with a drink in one hand, and a single glass of malt liquor in front of her. It had been only a few minutes before Buster, clad in his own substation's fashion (which swapped the wolf pelt out for a bear pelt), arrived.

"Getting started without me?" He said as he took a seat, the gravity of the station keeping them both tethered to their booth.

"You know me," she said.

He nodded, reached out for the glass. Wanda interrupted him almost immediately, grabbing him by the wrist. Buster stopped, looked at her as she said, "They're getting closer, you know."

"Please, Wanda, there's time for business later."

"Not anymore," she said, and Buster stared at her, deep into her ocean blue eyes. For years now, he had been an expert at understanding what Wanda was thinking at any given moment. They had been on the same page for a long time. Yet now, deep in the Substation Omega, she was no longer reading the same book.

"You're... serious, aren't you?"

Wanda removed her hand, fell backwards in the booth. She nodded. "I'm sure you know why, but..."

"No," Buster said, "that wasn't the arrangement. You made a wish, I granted it."

"Yes, and in return, you gave me immortality until the world was at peace." She threw her hand up, pointing out the sole window on the substation to the orbiting planet below them. 

Buster glanced over, looking once at the planet that once imprisoned him, and then quickly turning back to the woman who had freed him from it. "The Earth isn't at peace," he said.

At first glance, Buster was correct. Earth had been on the brink of destruction for generations, far from the peace Wanda had asked for all those years ago. Yet, something had happened in their immortal lives. For more than a hundred years ago, a group of humans decided that the end was nigh, and that they were the ends to ensure the End came sooner, rather than later (a mad conspiracy to prove themselves right). 

Both Wanda, the immortal, and Buster, the freed genie, had watched it happen.

Eventually, after enough bloodshed and a few too many nuclear weapons raining down on the planet, the remnants of humanity who still *felt* human decided to up and leave. Most went to space. Buster and Wanda followed them.

Of course, they hadn’t *abandoned* Earth in its entirety. Frequent trips were made daily in order to ensure the various habitats and stations that were created had enough to being self-sustaining. As that project finalized, another came about.

Over the years, some of the top scientists and leaders had decided that, while Earth wasn’t worth saving, the life on it was. As such, the Ark, and its various substations, were created. Over the last several decades, factions had taken control of the Substations, each of them inherently designed to save some aspect of Earth before it’s final destruction at the hands of the Heretics. A name that Buster felt was entirely over-used.

“Humanity isn’t at peace,” Wanda corrected. “But the shock troopers put the last of the resistance away this morning. Covert op, no one knows about it except the station leaders.”

“And you, coincidentally,” Buster said.

“Do you really think they aren’t going to tell the immortal about it?”

“Still can’t believe you told them – and they believed you.”

“It came to a certain point where my existence, *and yours*, raised more questions than needed. We’re just added bodies on these stations, we have no right to this, and—”

“Yet you were given a leadership position, and I was given—”

“Freedom, a home to live in at no expense, safety from people who would have otherwise burned you at the stake. Your powers can only stretch so far.”

Buster sighed, took a swig of the liquor, and then cursed silently under his breath. “If I knew today was to be one of these, I would not have come. I thought we got over these after the 14th century, you know after the devastating plague you said I could have ended.” Buster stood up, “Even though, I might add--

“Oh, for fuck’s sake. Stop pitying yourself, we’ve been over this,” Wanda said. “I asked for world peace, you gave me immortality. I gave you freedom, and you made me your anchor.”

Buster lifted his hands, ready to defend himself, but Wanda simply waved him off. Her eyes drifted to the window, to Earth orbiting them below. She was not herself. 

“I’ve thought about it a lot. You remember this wish?”

Buster nodded. “Would never forget it.”

“The exact words?”

“You said, and I quote, ‘I wish for world peace within my lifetime.’ Seeing as that was far beyond my abilities, I gave you what you wanted – immortality.”

“That was never what I wanted. That’s what you did.”

“Wanda, we’ve been over this –”

“And as I said, I’ve thought about it a lot. World peace didn’t specifically mean peace between all of humanity, you know. I’ve learned to look at it literally, as you did. So when I made that wish, what was really granted was my immortality… until *the* Earth was at peace.” Wanda took a deep breath, “And that’s a philosophical question if there ever was one. Lucky for you, I spent many of *my* decades perusing books and talking to philosophers.”

Buster took a sip again. “Where are you going with this?”

“The literal definition of peace is ‘freedom from disturbance,’ right? A state in which there is total and utter nothingness.” Wanda looked at him. “Do you agree?”

He took a moment, thought about it, and agreed. Buster nodded.

Wanda continued. “Earth will be abandoned. Most of the Arks are finished, a few final pieces to freeze, but otherwise, most everyone believes it will be complete within a few years.

“And in that time, the Chancellors have made a decision.”

Buster sat upwards, on edge. Humanity had always given him aches, especially when they made ‘decisions.’

“They are going to nuke Earth, completely. Reset the world, from one polar end to the other. In less than a decade, the Earth will be nothing but a rock.”

Buster’s eyebrow lifted.

“A rock, completely and utterly, *at peace*.”

He heard it now, though the words took him a moment to process. For an immortal and (almost) all-powerful being, the simplicity of the concept took him longer to accept than he thought it would, when the day inevitably came.

Yet, something stirred in Buster Dewitt on that substation. Something he had not felt in a very long time, not since Wanda had first released him from his prison.

“No,” he said, “no. That’s not… that’s not how it works.”

“It is,” she said. “I didn’t know what I wished for when I did it, but after centuries of this, I finally see it.”

“We can stop them,” he said, “argue the value of keeping Earth as it is, urging them to try different methods, anything, to keep—”

“Buster, it was a good run. Really, but I think I’m ready for this. I can get a lot done in a decade and now, now that I know it’ll come – the end that is – it’s giving me something back.” Wanda smirked, then she finished off her glass. “I almost feel human again.”

Buster fell back into the booth now, trying to comprehend it all. She had been there for him, the only other immortal, for centuries – the two of them, taking on the world. And although she *was* a human and he was just some being exiled on a planet he didn’t know; he had enjoyed her company over the years. Slowly, but very truly, learning what it meant to be human.

“I can’t lose you,” he said.

Wanda looked at him now, eyes wide. “It’s taken you centuries to say that.”

Buster nodded. He looked up at her. She was smiling. And it wasn’t the smile she had over the last few centuries, it was the one she had when they had first met, way back in the 8th century. It was the smile she had when she first wished for world peace – and gave up all others to give Buster his freedom.
He smiled, too. “I do… you know,” he said.

“You’ve never been good with human emotions.”

“No,” he said, “I haven’t.”

Wanda rested her hand on the table, palm down, an open invitation. It took him a moment, but he eventually reached out to her, grabbing her hand. The two clutched each other’s hands and held on for a moment.

While they would have the better part of a decade left to say goodbye, time had seemed irrelevant when they were immortal. It was only now, when faced with the peace Wanda had wished for, that Buster wanted to make his own wish. A little more time for a hopeless immortal.