[WP] Aliens make contact! ...but rather than heralding enlightenment, they bring us into their barbaric collective. Forcing us reintroduce gladiator battles, slavery, wearing the bones of our enemies, etc.
_____________________________
The human had never been given a name by his masters, only a title -- *Gladiator*. Instead, over the course of a dozen years, he had mixed and mingled with various ancient names, from the Greeks to the Americans to the Collective until he had landed on one that he felt connected to. Never did he speak those names aloud, they were not to be said while a man was still owned by another. His name was for him only, a sense of sanity in the darkest of days. Only after he had killed a thousand men, amassed a following, and drowned his masters in riches, was he given the freedom to choose his own name.

"Marcus," he said on his name-day, in front of a crowd of gladiators and slaves and fans. He had long forgotten his age, but he was a legend in the Galactic Gladiatorial games. A human from the backwater planet of Terra, plucked by the Great Etens, and trained in their warrior ways. He did not remember much of his life before the Etens chose him. Some memory drifted in and out of his subconscious, coming to only in his deepest of sleeps. There were great trees, a forest they had called them, and the playful sound of children laughing could be heard.

Now, his memories were filled with the souls of those he had slain. There were no great trees or children laughing, all he ever heard was the sound of steel against flesh, and all he ever saw was titanium and rust-colored parapets in the great city of Coloseo, a dark sky above an even darker city.

His masters said something in their foreign tongue -- a language he was never fully allowed to learn. But through the years, he picked up words and phrases. They were laughing at him, he knew that.

"So be it," the greatest of the Etens spoke in Marcus' tongue, matriarch of the familial line. "From this day forth, you shall be Marcus, and your freedom shall be yours."

He bowed his head beneath the great wingspan of the Eten. Her wings spread over twenty feet wide, her teeth as large as his own hands, and her eyes, mysterious and dark, stared down at him. He could sense that. He always knew when they were watching him.

"I bless thee," she said, "and give thee freedom from my family."

He felt her claw touch his back, slowly combing his spine as she came to his head. She grasped it fully. With one squeeze, she could drain his life from him -- just as he had done to a thousand other souls. But he had proven his worth while so many others had not.

"Rise, Marcus."

He did as he was told, part of him still entrenched in the notion that the Etens controlled his every move. Yet, as he rose, something inside of him shifted. He felt like he did in his memory. It was not something he had known in a long time.

"As promised, for your service to the Etens, we have chosen a land beyond this planet for you to toil upon."

He hesitated for a moment, then said with what confidence he could muster, "Planet, my lady?" 

"Aye, planet. A retired Gladiator has no purpose to us on Coloseo. You will help aide the Collective in other ways." The Matriarch stared down at him, still towering above him. "No human has reached this stature in our family until today. As such, you are the first of a long line we hope to call upon again one day."

His heart skipped a beat. *To call upon again one day.* He pondered the words. "And my belongings?" He said, almost forgetting that as a Gladiator, he had nothing to call his own.

"Ah, yes," the Matriarch clapped her hands, a loud bang reverberating across the stadium. Behind her, the flap of wings could be heard. Another Eten, half the size of the Matriarch and one of her many male concubines, flew down past the walls of Coloseo and landed neatly at her side. In his hands, he carried a single burlap sack and something Marcus did not recognize. "Your belongings," she said, and the male Eten placed the sack at the feet of Marcus. 

Inside was assorted trinkets, things he had crafted over the course of a dozen years. He dived into it, searching endlessly for the one thing he wanted. A quarter -- a single minted American quarter -- over a thousand years old. It was his greatest possession. The one thing he had when he was chosen.

"And," the Matriarch demanded his attention once more, "for your service to the family of Zemma, bound by the laws of the Collective, we gift you passage off of Coloseo, and to remember your days, the armor of those who fell beneath your blade."

The male Eten bowed before Marcus -- the first time a non-human had so in his life. Around him, slaves whispered and gasps, gladiators watched in awe as a mighty Eten brought his wings close and bowed to a creature half his size. The fans who had gathered erupted in applause.

The Eten held the tapestry of his armor, forged by the smiths of Coloseo, born of blood and ruin. It was the bones of a thousand slain souls, crafted by an Eten - he could tell - and fused together by titanium and hardened metals. It was an evil thing, one that would remind Marcus of where he came from. And eventually, he knew deep inside his own soul, he would don it. One day, he would be called upon.

"Great Matriarch," he said, reaching out to his armor. "I thank thee, and the family of Zemma, bound by the Collective, for this great gift. This chance," he touched the armor now, feeling the sharpness of each bone. It was perfectly crafted for him. "This chance," he started again, "will not be squandered."

The Matriarch knelt now, not out of respect or out of love, but to make him remember. Even kneeling, the Etens would devour a human whole.

"You are the first Marcus," she said, almost at a whisper now, "you will not be the last. But you are now bound by the laws of the Collective, as we all are. You must prove this was not a mistake."

He nodded ferociously. This would not be a mistake. The only mistake was taking him from his home and training him like any other. They underestimated him -- Etens always would.

One day, he would know true freedom. Marcus looked deep into her eyes of the void, and said, "I will prove it."

The ceremony finished, he took his belongings and made way for the port moments later. Some time ago they had taken him here, this city built upon blood. Now, they would send him somewhere else, to toil and bow and serve when called upon. But as he walked away -- from his people and his masters -- something familiar came over him. It was an emotion he had felt each time he had entered the games, each time the steel was placed in his hands, each time the crowd cheered as he cut down another of his brethren. Marcus, the Gladiator, was angry. 

And now, he was no longer bound by the rules of the Galactic Gladiatorial Games. He was only bound by the laws of the Collective.

The first law? Take what is yours, with ferocity and blood.