**[WP] Occasionally ships in deep space going undergoing faster than light travel just go missing, a tragic but well known and accepted fact. One ship managed to come back however years after disappearance with extremely disturbing reports**
_______________
**Session #548-ER9-98**

Jason Firmar clicked the button to record, then said in a monotone fashion, "This is Session #548-Echo-Romeo-9-98. Lieutenant Firmar presiding. Please state your name, rank, and nature of work on board the GES Reconcile for records."

There was a hesitation, followed by the quiet voice of a young naval officer. "Ensign Laura Kane," she paused, "I was the, uh, the Orbital Warfare Officer stationed on board the GES Reconcile."

Jason continued his checklist, not worrying about Ensign Kane's quiet demeanor. He had done this a hundred times, and he knew, he would do it a hundred more. "What date did your carrier launch?"

"October twelfth, two thousand, three hundred and forty-one, of the Earth calendar."

"Where did your ship launch from?"

"The outpost of Eternity."

"Good," Jason said. "And on what date did you lose contact with all human communications buoys?"

Again, a slight hesitation. Jason looked up from his techpad. Laura was fidgeting, her hands drumming against the steel table she was chained to. "Could we, uh, remove the restraints, Sergeant?"

A burly man stood in the corner, his eyes never shifting from Laura. "Standard protocol insists that all those who have undergone FTL Sickness --"

"The restraints, Sergeant." Jason said again, "Please."

He groaned, walked over to Laura, and unhooked her from the restraints that kept her tied to the table. She immediately brought her hands to her chest, rubbing her wrists and then seemingly, calming down.

"We lost contact three ship-days later. I--I wouldn't know the earth date." She said, responding to Firmar's earlier question.

Jason said, "Three ship-days later. Sergeant, remind me, that would equate to..." Jason ran his fingers across the techpad, trying to do the calculation.

"I don't get paid enough to translate ship to earth days," the Sergeant growled.

"Yes, yes," Jason said, knowing his answer before he said it. He ran the calculation. "Approximately one hundred and five hours, or four and a half days. Okay, so some time between October the sixteenth and October the seventeenth. Sound about right?"

There was no response, except for a cool, slow nod from Laura. 

"As the OWO on the GES Reconcile, what was your primary directive?"

"I was to assist in any ship-to-ship engagements. Run calculations, project mass trajectory, ensure proper protocol was in place for any use of extra-dimensional weapons."

"You were an important part of the ship." A statement, not a question. Jason knew this, as did Laura. "Who was the commanding officer?"

"Captain Fu Bao."

"And the XO?"

"Lieutenant Kristin Porter."

"Good, you're doing great. That completes the baseline." Jason looked up at her. He had done these interviews a hundred times over, and knew the sure signs of FTL Sickness -- nausea, confusion, and disorientation. To name a few, there were a dozen others. Yet, Laura had answered every question correctly, even remembering questions while he bickered with the Sergeant. Most fell out of the conversation, only coming back to reality when Jason would snap his figures and repeat the questions.

Even more surprising was the intel he was reading, while simultaneously interviewing Kane. He read the lines as he asked the questions. "While on the GES Reconcile, at which point did--"

He stopped. Reread. Then read again.

*Ensign Laura Kane is proclaimed as the sole survivor of the GES Reconcile. No other crewmates were found and all records of the ship's communication loss (and subsequent days spent in FTL Warp) were removed from the ship's database. The Virtual Intelligence was a garbled mess. This is a one-of-a-kind situation. Proceed carefully.*

"While on the GES Reconcile," he started again, "at what point did you notice any erroneous errors or even, glitches, within the ship and during FTL Travel?"

"I'm not a, uh, flight specialist." Laura said, but she continued. "They tell you everything in that report, huh?"

A question, this time, from an interviewee. Jason peered at her, controlling his facial emotions. Not many asked questions back to him. "Everything pertinent to our investigation, yes. FTL Warp is still dangerous and--"

"You don't often get people as cognizant as me."

"An astute observation," Jason said, writing it down.

"They woke me up mid-warp." Laura started, looking down at her hands. "The Captain and the XO, there were a few engineers, too. I don't remember all of it. Everything was so... blurry. Have you ever been in Warp?"

Jason placed the techpad down, nodded.

"It's beautiful, really, but I had no time to appreciate it. Their faces -- I could see they were scared, terrified even, like they knew It was coming."

"Like they knew what--" the Sergeant started, but Jason whipped up his hand.

"Continue, Laura."

"He told us to remain calm, that everything would be okay once we made it to the rendezvous. But I knew he was lying. He knew he was lying." Laura shuddered, her eyes shut. As if she was reliving it all once again. "XO said we needed to record everything, each bit of information that came in needed to be quantified, calculated, and sent back if we could manage it. Captain said we needed answers to the mystery of the Warp.

"I could see everyone was terrified, but we took our stations without question. No hesitation then." Laura's eyes opened, a terrifying black iris surrounding her once blue-eyes. Jason noted it, went to write it down. "There are things," her voice boomed, "we will never understand. Never should understand. But, It does. It knows more than we ever will."

"What does?"

"It. Him. Her." She said, "It didn't give us a name. It didn't really speak -- not aloud, at least, but we all heard it. Inside our heads, like--like a parasite, but wanting to help. Can that exist? Parasites that want to enrich their hosts."

Jason said nothing. This was the first time an interviewee had ever uttered words like this. And in his listening, he saw she was changing ever so subtly -- morphing almost to look like something eerily human, but not.

"It wants us to learn, to help It come from the Warp. Kept calling us Guides. Like we were to lead it somewhere. It looked for home, but not our homes. It cycled past my memories of the outpost, of the moon I was born on, of Earth. Saw each image and understood, these were our homes. It wanted to see Its home again."

"We were chosen because It loves us, sees It in us."

"What loves us, Laura?"

"It. Don't you see it? In the Warp, there's a beauty, but a terrifying echo of nothingness. It can control that nothingness. Show us a bright future if we were to only open our eyes."

Laura's eyes closed again for a brief moment. When they opened, they were black. Her voice had gone deeper. She appeared, to Jason at least, to have grown in her seat. First a few inches, then her muscles stretched, her body expanded. *It wasn't painful*, Jason noted as he wrote each detail down with a single hand, *if it was, Ensign Kane would have been screaming in her seat. But, something was happening.*

"If you've seen the Warp, you've seen It."

Jason had to prod, it was his only option. "The other crew members, your captain, XO, what happened when 'It' came?"

"Volunteers," Laura said, as if speaking to a child. The answer was right there. "It asked. They loved It, so they went with It. They'll come back. They always do. Always will."

Jason peered back at the Sergeant. He was wiping sweat from his brow. Undoubtedly, terrified. Jason was, too. He could no longer deny the fear traveling up his guts and into his brains. "Where did they go?"

"To Its home. To become more." The growth, for that is the only thing Jason could describe it as, stopped. She was still Ensign Laura Kane, but different. Undeniably human, but something else, too. Laura stopped talking after that, but Jason could hear. Something was speaking from her, but her lips did not move and she sat still, staring into Jason's eyes. 

"You see It," she said.

And he did. It spoke to him. In his eyes, clouded, It came to him. He saw It and he embraced It.

The Sergeant peered between them both. When Jason's head slowly turned to face him, he saw that his eyes -- once brown -- had become enveloped by darkness. The Sergeant, never having been to the Warp (and never having left the safety of Earth's gravity), took rapid, deep breaths as he tried to understand what was happening. He could not hear It. He could not see It. He was not one of the Children It had chosen. Tensions rose in his body as It tried to grab hold of him, until, in a bloody scream, the Sergeant collapsed to the floor.

"It is coming," Jason said, a smile taking hold of his face.

Laura nodded. "It just needs a few more volunteers."