\*\*\* Let me preface this by saying this story is incredibly long, but every person who has heard it has thought it one of the craziest stories they've ever heard \*\*\*

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

So right up front, this happened about 17 years ago. Right before Episode 3 came out.

I was a senior in college and was an introvert to say the least. I was going through some personal shit I wasn't mature enough to handle, so I stayed indoors a lot. My best friend had asked me if I wanted to go camping with him and some friends the coming Friday night, but for the aforementioned reasons I declined. We'd both been drinking, so I commented wouldn't it be funny if I showed up in the middle of the night and convinced everyone a serial killer was in the woods. We laughed at the audacity of such a thing, and continued with our regular college schedule.

Friday night comes, it's 11PM and I'm watching Aqua Teen Hunger Force alone in my dorm room. My best friend had just recently gotten a cell phone as they were just starting to become mainstream and affordable for broke people. He tells me they're at the camp site and that I should come out and do the prank we talked about earlier in the week. Being 22, broke, young and bored, this seemed like a fantastic idea. So I tell him I agree, I'll pack some shit up, hit up walmart for some libations and snacks, and begin the hike through the woods to a camp site I had never been to.

The first major mistake of the night was deciding I had to bring my handgun with me. It wouldn't be real without gunshots, so my immature, idiotic 22 year old self thought this idea genius. As I said, this all occurred shortly before Episode III came out, and a couple weeks prior we had drunkenly walked through Walmart and I saw Ben Kenobi's lightsaber for sale and just had to have it. So I toss that in my bag and begin my trek for the evening.

I'd never been to this camp site before, and we agreed I couldn't use a flashlight as that would be visible well before I made it to the campsite. So I used to the moonlight to navigate 1.5 miles of a somewhat existent trail (it would be there and be gone for a couple hundred feet) until after about 40 minutes I finally saw the glow of their campfire. My buddy had periodically "gone for firewood" and would call me to track my progress. As fate would have it, he "went for firewood" just as I saw the campfire in the distance, so we were able to begin our ruse and what would become the dumbest thing either of us has done in 40 years of living....

I guess it's important to introduce the entire cast of characters in this story, as it will help make sense later on. My buddy "Dave" and I were the primary culprits, but our friend "Mike" aware of what was planned and in on it too. Mike's girlfriend "Jane", and his two friends "Carrie" and "Mark" whom were dating, and Mark's younger (and underage) brother "Brian" were all present. As stated, there was a campfire, but what I didn't know until I got there was that their campsite was at the base of a waterfall with very steep inclines to their immediate right and left, making the only plausible escape route directly forward in the area I was coming in from.

Dave and Mike link up with me, and we quickly come up with the idea that they'd return to the campfire and talk about the weird blue light they'd seen out in the woods in the past and how they thought they heard it. Of course everyone calls bullshit, they're not falling for that trap. That's when I light up ol' Ben's lightsaber and start waving it side to side as I move through the trees. Of course the girls scream and everyone asks "what the fuck is that?". Mike and Dave jump up to say they're gonna go check it out. Brian, the younger brother of Mark volunteers to come to, but they tell him to stay put, they got this.

Mike and Dave get to me, and Dave comes up with the idea I should fire off a round into the ground to really scare them. So I pull out my .45, and fire a round into the ground. Mike goes running back to the campfire and starts screaming "Dave's down, Dave's down! Someone shot him." Dave tells me to fire another shot into the ground, and Mike collapses by the campfire pretending he was hit as well. Of course Mike's girlfriend Jane is screaming, and it's just utter chaos. I move closer in towards the campfire so they can see my silhouette, but nothing more. At this point the 4 of them not in on this are attempting to climb the nearly vertical side of the waterfall to escape as their only direct route out is towards me. Carrie and Mark are yelling at me, telling me I better get the fuck out of here because they just called the cops. I decide to amp it up by telling them in my deepest, darkest voice "the only thing the cops are going to find are 6 dead bodies."

Some amount of time goes by and I realize Jane is stuck on the hillside and can't climb any higher. Realizing that this "prank" has gone on long enough, I decide to scale it back and setup the climax. In the same voice I used earlier I say "If one of you comes down and sacrifices yourself, I'll let the rest of you live." No bullshit, the 18 year old Brian who had just met everyone save his brother and girlfriend that night says "It's ok Jane, I got this" and offers himself up. The absurdity and wrongness of my(our) actions aside, I'm still marveled at the bravery of this guy.

As soon as Brian comes down from the side of the hill, Mike gets up from the ground and starts laughing hysterically. His girlfriend Jane, still clinging to the side of the hill, says "Mike, what, you're alive?!?" and then Dave comes out of hiding and laughing too. I then enter the fire's light and Jane recognizes me as well and breathes a huge sigh of relief.

After the 3 of us in on it have a quick laugh, we realize we need to get Carrie and Mark to come down. We starting yelling their names, "hey it was all a joke, it was "Josh"(me) the whole time. it was all a prank." Nothing, absolute crickets. Everyone pulls out their cell phones and attempts to call Carrie and Mark, but it goes straight to voicemail. All of us leave several voicemails explaining what really happened to come out of hiding (this will be very important later), but get absolutely nothing in response.

Five minutes go by and being the only sober one in the group, I realize how fucked we (I) are. The last we heard from Carrie and Mark was them saying they were calling the cops. Nothing since then. I realize that there's a good chance the police will be contacted soon, so we need to get the fuck out of there. In our haste to packup the campsite, Dave puts my lightsaber in a different bag (again, this will be important later). It's 1.5 miles from the campsite to the start of the path where I parked my car. No matter which way you cut it, I'm screwed if police see my car parked there. So I call the only friend I have more introverted than me, and luckily he is still up at 1:30 am and sober. I tell him to meet me behind the university mall asap, I need his help. He agrees. As I said, the path was 1.5 miles long, but about .5 miles back, the trail ran alongside the hill overlooking the mall. It was steep as fuck, but assuming we could use our feet as brakes as we scooted down on our butts, I thought it could work. So the 5 of us starts sliding down the hillside. About halfway down, I realize my gun is missing. I of course start panicking, but the gods smiled and threw me a bone. In complete darkness feeling around the hill 5 feet from where I realized I lost it, I found my gun. Put it properly in my bag and finished sliding down the hill just in time for my buddy to show up in his car. The 5 of us pile in, he drives down the road to where I had parked, and I get in my car.

It's past 2 am at this point and I am terrified. Fully realizing the implication of my actions and potential harm I've caused to Carrie and Mark, I decide I'm gonna flee the state. I head back to my dorm room, empty my remaining bullets inside of a ketchup bottle and toss it in a random dumpster. Just as I'm about to leave, I decide to call my dad to get advice. After calling me a fucking moron, he tells me not to flee as that will just make it worse and that I'm going to have to pay the repercussions for my poor choices.

As I was having a breakdown, my buddy dropped off the other 4 at Jane's house so they could get her car and drive back to try to find Mark and Carrie. I call Dave just as the car is pulling into the mall parking lot and Dave tells me that there are no less than 50 law enforcement officers there. Sherriff, city police, and university police. The university police had even contacted the ROTC department to get night vision so they could better navigate the woods at 2am. Obviously I wasn't there to see any of this, but everyone who was confirmed that the following events did in fact occur.

As soon as they pulled into the parking lot and saw the parade of police, they noticed Mark and Carrie standing in the middle giving a statement. Apparently after I had told them "the only thing the cops are going to find are 6 dead bodies" they became absolutely horrified and found the strength to climb to the top of the waterfall's hillside and ran blind through the woods in the direction of a road. Seeing the same walmart I had stopped at earlier in the distance, they ran towards it and upon entering screamed "PLEASE CALL THE POLICE, SOMEONE MURDERED ALL MY FRIENDS!" which appropriately got a lot of phone calls to the various police departments. As Mark saw Dave, Mike, Jane and Brian exit Jane's vehicle he dropped to his knees sobbing, saying "What the fuck is going on, I thought you all were dead!" As Brian was underage and Jane's boyfriend was a participant in this prank, neither Jane, Mike or Dave wanted to fess up, so they told Brian he needed to keep his mouth shut less the police find out he was drinking and arrest him for being underage. I know it's shitty, but when faced with a prison sentence, some moral relativism comes into play. Out of that fear, Brian kept his mouth shut.

The police take the 4 of them aside and have them write a statement on what happened. Again, I wasn't there, but Dave tells me he, Jane and Brian wrote like 5 sentences while Mike wrote a fucking dissertation. Stupid is as stupid does I guess. Dave swears on his life this next part is true, he says the cops tell him to get in the back of the cruiser so they can talk to him. He swears the cops had an open bottle of jack in the front of the cruiser, asks if he can light up and the cops oblige him, so my friend lights up a Marlboro red in the back of a police car and explains that as someone in ROTC and experienced with firearms, it was clearly fireworks being set off and not a firearm. That Carrie and Mark had overreacted and ran off before even realizing what happened. As the 3 other people confirmed this version of events, the cops decided it was a prank of some sort and Mark and Carrie had overreacted and they were done for the evening. It didn't help that Mark was claiming a guy making predator (like the movie) noises with a thick Appalachian accent with a semi-automatic shotgun was chasing them through the woods.

All 6 of them head back to Jane's house, and because Mark and Carrie were both local, the police had contacted their parents who showed up at Jane's house to make sure everyone was ok. The lead police officer had handed Dave his card and told him to contact him if he remembers anything else or something comes up. As they sit in Jane's apartment, they begin to unpack all of the shit they had taken into the woods. Mark opens a bag and pulls out - you guessed it - a fucking lightsaber. Shocked that he now had a piece of evidence from the night, Mark immediately wants to notify the police to have it dusted for fingerprints. He attempts to call 911, but quick thinking by Dave reminded Mark that the police officer had given Dave his contact information, and they should call that number instead of 911. With everyone listening, including the parents, Dave acts like he's calling the number on the card but actually calls me. I immediately realized what was going on, changed my voice and told them that they'd had a rough night, to hold onto the lightsaber, and call me in the morning so we could arrange for it to be tested for fingerprints.

With everyone exhausted, the group calls it a night and Dave heads over to my place so we can reflect on what we did and plan for any future followups. Once he gets there we realize we fucked up bad. Ignoring the fact Brian only lied because he thought he could be arrested for underage drinking, we knew in the morning that would no longer work. And we also remembered we left a bunch of voicemails on their phones, that they would eventually read once their phones were charged. Luckily for like $15 a semester, you could pay some local lawyer to have legal representation. So at 4am in the morning after calling several people in the phone book with the same name, we find our lawyer. Like my father, his first comment is that we're fucking idiots. Other than that, he advises it is unlikely the police will put much effort into this because they already deduced it was a prank gone wrong and have more important things to worry about.

But Carrie and Mark were still very much a problem, but we were exhausted and finally went to sleep. Around 7am our phones start blowing up. It's Mike. He'd come clean to Mark and Carrie, but pretended he didn't know it was all going on and threw the two of us under the bus. The voicemails they now were hearing didn't help the situation at all. Carrie calls Dave and says if we don't turn ourselves in by noon, she would.

Realizing we were completely fucked, I understood the only way to stop this was to get leverage and convince Mark and Carrie to not rat us out. I also knew Carrie was a hot head and used that knowledge to hope we could get her to do something stupid. I told Dave that if he can, get Carrie to hit him so we can use her assault on him as a bargaining chip.

Dave and I show up at their apartment and Carrie answers the door in her bra and panties. Before Dave can even say anything, she lunges off the stoop and gets 3-4 solid haymakers on Dave who allows her strikes to hit his face unblocked. After she calmed down, Dave explained that if she wants to turn us in, he now has visible marks on his face, and would reciprocate in turn. This was enough deterrent, and both Mark and Carrie agreed to remain mum, but if the police contacted them, they wouldn't lie for us.

Needless to say, the police never did, and 17 years later I'm pretty sure the statute of limitations is over. Yes, we were complete fucking idiots and all the evidence someone could ever need to justify that the youth shouldn't have weapons readily available to them. In the fall out of all of this, Jane dumped Mike, and Mark, Carrie and Brian never wanted to interact with us again, so I can't tell you what kind of impact this story had on their lives. But I can only imagine the rift that might have formed after Mark left his younger brother Brian for dead as he ran through the woods.

TLDR; My best friend and I decided to prank some friends that a murder was outside of their campsite.  It ended with every law enforcement officer in the area showing up, ready to storm the beaches of Normandy.  And we got away with it.