It was done. The eight hours of tortuous labour which Nature imposes on women from time to time, had ended, with the cry of a newborn emerging from below Evy’s belly. The nurse quickly took the baby and wrapped the tiny body in a blanket. Evy instinctively reached for the child but the nurse pulled back and rushed out of the room.

Bleary eyed and half unconscious, Evy addressed the doctor, “Is it a boy or a girl?”. There was no reply. Evy tried to repeat the question but was cut short by another man's voice.

“Sorry, I have to read this to you now. Prisoner 67A2B, Evelyn Kay Wolfe, aged 22. Is that correct?”

Evy nodded.

“A year ago you were convicted for the crime of attempted murder of a fetus by use of prohibited pharmaceuticals, under Subsection 2, Clause C and F of The Foetal Protection Act in respect of which you were sentenced 1) To complete the remainder of the pregnancy and 2) To remain for 16 years in federal custody from the date of the birth of the protected infant."

Then, the entire journey that brought her to this point all came flooding back to Evy: Getting caught at the state border with a prescription for an emergency contraception pill; cops taking her to the court where she was judged and sentenced within an hour; arriving in chains to the the place where she had just given birth; spending the next nine months in confinement.

The man continued, "Now that the pregnancy is completed, you will be transferred to the designated correctional facility to serve out the rest of your term. Any questions?”

By the time the speech was finished someone had already handcuffed her.

“Boy or girl?” Evy screamed using all of what’s left of her strength.

“Prisoner will keep quiet”, the female guard baulked. “You tried to kill that baby once, so don’t try to pretend that you care about it now.”

Two other guards came in and pulled Evy up on her feet and led her out of the room towards the other side of the ward. There she saw a couple of newcomers, cuffed at the wrists and the ankles. Both seemed to be teenagers.

“Oh my god. Did you just give birth?”, one of the girls spoke. “Boy or a girl?”

“They don’t tell you”, Evy replied.

“What?” The girl looked horrified. “What do you mean?”

Evy would have liked to warn them about what’s coming to them, how she was never left alone for a second for the past nine months, the constant badgering and cursing from the nursing staff, having to spend six hours a day being forced to pray, staying locked up and chained for the rest of time. She would have liked to tell these girls the agonies of humiliation, even before the agony of birth, awaiting them but she was already on the prison transport truck.