From WMUR-TV in Manchester:

A ground search was underway Wednesday in connection with the 2004 disappearance of a Massachusetts college student, officials with the New Hampshire attorney general’s office announced.

The search in connection with the Maura Murray investigation was being conducted off Route 112 in Landaff and Easton, about 4 miles from where her car was found abandoned in 2004.

"This is simply going back and searching areas that have already been searched before," said Associate Attorney General Jeff Strelzin. "This is something we do in a lot of our cases."

Strelzin said officials typically don't notify the public, but in this case, the search was so large it would raise public curiosity or alarm, so a release went out after the family was notified.

"I'm just so happy," said Julie Murray, Maura Murray's sister. "I mean, I'm nervous, but this is big news for the investigation."

Teams walked into the woods in a line, fanning out and poking into the brush. Dogs were also used in the search operation.

"The goal is to cover ground that has been previously covered, but to do a more extensive search," Strelzin said. "Obviously, the hope with any of these searches is to find any evidence that might be relevant to this case."

Officials said there is no new information that prompted the operation. Maura Murray's family said they are guarded but optimistic. Her father, Fred Murray, has been unrelenting in his effort to keep the investigation active.

"He's hopeful," Julie Murray said. "It's all that a family like mine could ask for, that the investigative team is investigating. Our biggest fear is that Maura becomes a file in a cabinet."

She said the search shows that investigators are actively working on the case.

"And the fact that they are out there on the ground, boots on the ground, just brings a huge smile to my face, and I don't care if my dad's not smiling, I'm going to make him smile today," she said.

Maura Murray was last seen on Feb. 9, 2004, when her vehicle was involved in a single-car crash on Route 112 in North Haverhill.

After the crash, police received two calls from two residents reporting a car off the road. The first call came at 7:27 p.m. A local bus driver later told investigators he saw a woman standing outside the black Saturn. An officer arrived at 7:46 p.m. and found the car locked with nobody around.

She was never seen again.

Maura Murray had driven to northern New Hampshire from her college, where she was a nursing student at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst. It's not clear why she left, but the day before she left campus, she searched for directions to Burlington, Vermont, which were found in the car. On Feb. 9, the day she vanished, she sent an email to teachers saying there had been a death in the family and she would be away.

She made a call to Stowe, Vermont, but never made reservations. She also called for information on a condominium in Bartlett where she had stayed with her family. Her father thinks that's why she was on Route 112, which connects to Route 16 &amp; 302 in the direction of Bartlett

https://www.wmur.com/article/maura-murray-search-new-hampshire-71322/40601257