I'm sorry I just need somewhere to vent as literally everyone is saying I'm a d\*\*\* for kicking my pregnant ex out over this. To clarify this is not the first time she's done this but this time it cost me over $1000. Also, I'm sorry if this was choppy I'm seeing red right now.

So recently I got 2 massive orders for pastries for 2 weddings and a few other parties, I had spent 1 week working with my team on the orders as it was 75-100 per item. Well, we finished yesterday and I and the team decided to go to the movies and just relax... big mistake. My now ex had a party planned... without asking me... in the home, I pay for while she just sits on her butt doing nothing. She's never had a job she just waits for everyone to hand her what she needs.

We recently found out she's pregnant a month and a half ago, but she's been using it as an excuse. At first, it was just 1 or 2 of them but it gradually became more. 1 to 2 to 15- 20. which wasn't an inconvenience as it was only one more batch, and I was fine with that.

However, yesterday was the last straw when I went out she threw a party with 14 of her friends and they got hungry, so they made their way down to the shop and went through nearly everything my team made. (My dad owns the bakery it's not too far down from our house, so it wasn't that hard for her to get in.) Well, when we came back we found my ex and 14 of her friends wasted on nearly $1000 of pastries. I nearly lost my s\*\*\* and started screaming at her asking wtf was she doing and why she thought this was okay.

She blamed this on pregnancy cravings and tried to say that she wanted the baby to eat well, but when I asked about her friends she said they also had cravings. I kicked her out and had to call and explain everything to both parties. Full refund for both of them as there was barely anything that could be salvaged.

TL;DR I left products alone while I went to watch a movie and came back to my ex and 14 friends completely wasted on over $1000 of it.

**UPDATE:** She ended up calling me on her parent's phone around 7-8 am screaming at me for posting our private lives for everyone to see. She then proceeded to ask me through crocodile tears if I would press charges on her and her friends for "having fun". I replied yes and as I was about to hang up she brought up the child, as to which I told her to get a paternity test or not it will not be my problem. She then starts trying to manipulate and gaslight me crying saying "it was just her being hospitable to her friends and that it was rude of me to yell at them and kick them out" she then proceeds to cry about me not caring about her and I just hung up and blocked her.

As of right now, I'm fixing to leave for the PD and I hope you do come, Maddie with the evidence I have you'll be arrested on the spot... Also, I've seen this in the comments a lot so to clarify 

1: wasted on sweets, not alcohol, and 2: yes I did use a condom every time however a few of them broke I assumed nothing of it as she was on birth control... I feel like this was just planned or she was sleeping around either way I'm still going through with charges. there are too many comments to go through but these were the questions I saw the most. Also thank you for the support... It means a lot