This morning, in Dobbs vs. Jackson Womens' Health Organization, the Supreme Court struck down its landmark precedent Roe vs. Wade and its companion case Planned Parenthood vs. Casey, both of which were cases that enshrined a woman's right to abortion in the United States. The decision related to Mississippi's abortion law, which banned abortions after 15 weeks in direct violation of Roe. The 6 conservative justices on the Supreme Court agreed to overturn Roe. 

The split afterwards will likely be analyzed over the course of the coming weeks. 3 concurrences by the 6 justices were also written. Justice Thomas believed that the decision in Dobbs should be applied in other contexts related to the Court's "substantive due process" jurisprudence, which is the basis for constitutional rights related to guaranteeing the right to interracial marriage, gay marriage, and access to contraceptives. Justice Kavanaugh reiterated that his belief was that other substantive due process decisions are not impacted by the decision, which had been referenced in the majority opinion, and also indicated his opposition to the idea of the Court outlawing abortion or upholding laws punishing women who would travel interstate for abortion services. Chief Justice Roberts indicated that he would have overturned Roe only insofar as to allow the 15 week ban in the present case. 

The consequences of this decision will likely be litigated in the coming months and years, but the immediate effect is that abortion will be banned or severely restricted in over 20 states, some of which have "trigger laws" which would immediately ban abortion if Roe were overturned, and some (such as Michigan and Wisconsin) which had abortion bans that were never legislatively revoked after Roe was decided. It is also unclear what impact this will have on the upcoming midterm elections, though Republicans in the weeks since the leak of the text of this decision appear increasingly confident that it will not impact their ability to win elections.