Gregory “Keith” Mann was a normal 20 year-old boy from Texas who loved baseball, spending time with friends, and enjoying the outdoors. He was born on February 19th, 1977 in Alamogordo, New Mexico and grew up splitting time between his parents, Gregg and Sandra, who divorced when he was just a toddler.  In the summer of 1991, Keith moved to Wichita Falls, Texas to live with his dad and step-mom. He had two sisters and one brother. Keith attended Rider High School in Wichita Falls where he lead his baseball team to a district championship his senior year. Keith later attended North Central Texas College on a baseball scholarship before dropping out prior to his second year. However, he returned to the junior college often to visit his fiancé who was still attending at the time. Family members describe him as “distracted” in the days and events leading up to his disappearance, including at his fiancé’s college graduation where their families would meet for the very first time.

Keith was out “mudding” with friends the night of May 10th, 1997 before being dropped off at his residence, the Fountain Gate Apartments, around 11:45PM. He was last seen walking up the stairs to his apartment. According to friends, Keith had indicated that he later planned to meet someone around 12:15AM, although he did not offer any additional details. Friends report he did not seem anxious or stressed about this meeting. The person who Keith was supposedly meeting that evening has never been identified. 

The next morning, Keith’s fiancé went to his apartment and noticed that his work clothes were still laying on the bed, indicating that he hadn’t slept there the night before. She immediately contacted his parents since she knew something was not right. That day happened to be Mother’s Day, and they had made plans to take gifts over to his dad and step-mom’s house. It was unlike Keith to not show up for these kind of family events. His father called that same day to file a missing person’s report but it was not taken seriously for another couple of days.

Keith was a working car salesman for a local dealership at the time of his disappearance and was scheduled to deliver a car he had recently sold the following Monday. He had worked a full shift that day and was driving a dealership owned vehicle at the time, a red 1996 Ford Mustang. The mustang was later found abandoned at a church near his family’s home in Wichita Falls in a spot where Keith had been known to park his vehicles. The trunk of the car was left partially open and a side panel was apparently lowered inside the compartment. There was no sign of a struggle inside the locked vehicle, although the interior had been cleaned and the alarm system had been turned off. All of Keith’s personal belongings were left behind inside his apartment, including all the money in his savings account and several unclaimed paychecks. At the time of his disappearance, Keith was wearing blue jeans, an ivory-colored pullover, a beige baseball cap and brown lace-up boots.

Keith Mann has been missing for 25 years. What happened to Keith? Are his friends telling the truth about dropping him off at 11:45 that evening? Was there an accident while “mudding” that his friends covered up? Did Mann ever make it to the meeting he had told friends about? Is the mystery person Keith met that night responsible for his disappearance? This is a local case for me with lots of rumors about what may have happened to him. I’ll be interested to see your thoughts about what became of Keith Mann. This is my first ever write up and I’d love to see this case solved and closure brought to his family!

https://charleyproject.org/case/gregory-keith-mann-jr

https://www.texomashomepage.com/unraveling-the-mysteries/unraveling-the-mysteries-the-disappearance-of-keith-mann/

http://www.themissingmannproject.com/campaign.html#.Ys8iGnbMKUk

http://www.themissingmannproject.com/assets/project-charter-revised-new.pdf