My name is Rudiger Hess. In the mid-2000s, my partner Emiel Meijer and I led a U.N. team of excavators working on mass graves in the Balkans.

During our investigations, we relied heavily on records corroborated by witness testimony in locating graves.

It was a successful method, and we were largely able to locate and excavate the graves we knew existed and occasionally find ones unknown to the official sources.

One day, we accidentally identified a massacre site whose very existence our normally helpful witnesses refused to acknowledge or even speak about to such a degree that they crafted the most elaborate counter-explanations.

Naturally, this piqued our interest and *despite the site being unconfirmed and therefore beyond the scope of our mission* we proceeded to excavate.

We worked at night.

What we discovered was that under a shallow layer of buried corpses there existed a slab of concrete, and when we drilled through that concrete, we discovered an emptiness.

At first we believed it was a cave.

After some deliberation, of which the options were to forget the discovery and return to official work or investigate further, a vote returned a slim majority in favour of investigation.

As the leader, I was the first to be lowered into the emptiness.

What I found was remarkable.

For as I was lowered on a rope deeper and deeper, I found myself at the same time lifted into a city populated by humans such as ourselves *but whom gravity affected conversely!*

By way of illustration:

Imagine a tabletop on which someone has arranged a world of miniatures. Buildings, people. This is our world. Now imagine that on the underside of the same tabletop someone has arranged another but upside-down world of miniatures. Finally, imagine the tabletop contains a hole, through which a miniature from our world may fall upwards into the sky of the underside world and *vice versa* because to the underside world ours is the upside-down.

When first I entered the emptiness, the Undersiders stopped in the streets and pointed at me.

Drivers pulled over, pedestrians dropped groceries.

Inverted birds flew past.

And I gripped the rope tightly, knowing that to let go would mean forever falling into the atmosphere—or beyond.

The first Undersiders with whom I interacted were police, but my first true communication was with a Serbian-speaking *ad hoc* committee of technocrats.

I was "lying" on the ceiling of a boardroom in which they were seated.

When they gave their names, I recognized them as murder victims, *some of whose bodies I myself had excavated.*

"And your name?" they asked me.

I gave it, and after a twenty-minute recess they reconvened and told me I had been murdered years ago.

I inquired about the circumstances.

"You were killed with your family during a recent war. The perpetrator was caught, tried and executed under orders of a military tribunal."

"Who was the perpetrator?" I asked out of blind curiosity.

They checked their papers.

"Emiel Meijer."