I’m not exaggerating when I say Alison was *the* worst person to ever walk the earth. Ask anybody in my apartment complex and they’ll tell you the same thing, whether it’s the maintenance man she routinely woke up at 2AM to replace flickering lightbulbs, or Mrs. Richardson, who she almost headbutted for having a jar of peanut butter in her grocery bag, because apparently, *we* all had to amend *our* eating habits to accommodate her royal highness’s allergies.

And I, of course, lived right next door to her, which meant the only thing separating us was a thin sheet of cardboard.

A herd of coked-up elephants would have made less racket than Alison, and I’m not saying she couldn't sing, but three months ago she belted out a rendition of ‘Chandelier’ by Sia, and nobody's seen the Johnson’s cat since. Poor Mittens.

Unfortunately, just like how I heard everything in her apartment, she heard mine.

During the very first zoom with my therapist, right as I dug into a painful childhood memory about getting gum in my hair (I got revenge on the bully responsible by baking cookies laced with laxative and offering him some), Alison’s T.V. fell silent, then she shuffled closer to the wall.

A simple coincidence, right? Wrong. Usually, it sounded like that woman was tap dancing and setting off fireworks at the same time, yet the second I turned on my emotional faucet and let the grief pour out, she became a regular-fucking-churchmouse.

I wanted to slap the shit out of her, but she had 30lbs on me. I needed to get creative.

One morning, I stepped into the elevator right as Alison accosted Mrs. Donnelly for getting her zimmer frame stuck at the threshold.

“What a bitch,” I said to Alison, after the sliding doors finally closed.

“Right?”

Earning her trust wasn’t hard—one mention of ‘Love Island’ and she had a sudden attack of verbal diarrhea.

From then on, during our encounters in the hall, we chatted. Once or twice, she even turned up at my door with a bottle of vodka and, seeing as I wanted to maintain the charade, we got drunk together.

Then one afternoon, as she returned home, I went into the hall and said, “I baked these for you.”

I handed over a plate of cookies, wrapped in foil.

Ten minutes later, I booted my laptop and waved hello to my therapist.

“How've you been?” she asked.

“Bad,” I said, sighing loudly. Next door, Alison moved closer.

And for once, I found myself grateful there was no way to block out the sounds. Because now I could hear Alison decide a little snack would go well with the ‘entertainment’. I could hear her cough and splutter, hear her struggle for air. I could hear her thump the wall trying to warn me her throat had closed over—that she needed help.

And then, after a few minutes, I could hear nothing except silence.

Sweet, sweet silence.