"Your mother and I have something to tell you," Will said. He and Sandra had asked their three kids to put down their phones for a moment. This was important.

"Remember Hank Thomas, the gentleman we all had dinner with two weeks ago? He has agreed to welcome us into the Thomas family."

He certainly had their attention now. They were too shocked to speak. He continued.

"It's a really good deal for us. Your mother gets a brand new minivan-"

"And you get a sports car," Sandra noted.

"- and we're going to move to a nicer house in Avon. Right near the golf course. However, with these benefits, there's going to be some hard work. After all, Mr. Thomas doesn't get the results he's known for by giving things away for free."

"What kind of changes?" Carson was the oldest, and naturally suspicious.

"For one, we're going to need to put your history degree on hold."

"What?"

"You've always had a good eye for detail. We'll ramp you up as an analyst and you'll be bringing in revenue in no time. You're gonna feel like you're drowning — we all will from time to time — but we'll all have a chance to be rich."

"Why are you doing this?"

"There's a lot of money to be made. Some say families might be the last frontier to financialize. But Mr. Thomas definitely has an eye for where to extract value before the rest of the industry catches up."

"Are we not good enough the way we are?"

"Of course we're good enough. Otherwise we wouldn't have caught his attention."

"What about Blake and Rachel."

"About them." Will and Sandra glanced at each other, then back at the children. "We've seen the numbers, and obviously we're not going to hit those goals with three kids. Once the deal closes, Blake and Rachel will have 60 days to find new families."

Blake swore, which Will let pass; this was an unusual situation. Rachel, even though she was almost ten, started to cry.

"I've heard their outplacement work is not the best. Really perfunctory, in my opinion. We recommend you talk to your classmates and friends and follow up with any opportunities that come up. Your mother and I will be very busy, but will try to help where we can."