I gave myself kidney stones drinking water

So. I'm 35, i go on a health kick. Trying to slim down my dad bod.. I drink a lot of water because I do HVAC, outside.
Of late I've been drinking the high alkali water. PH 9+ stuff. Smart water, 7-11 water, etc. Usually because I'm lazy, and also because I lack ice, and the space necessary to cart around a barrel of fun (80's throwback)

So I noticed some pain in my lower back, on Sunday,  I thought it was muscles, the whole, new workout, get fit.
End of the day I was in excruciating pain from mid back around to the front and all down my left side, then the right side started hurting. I also noticed I hadn't been peeing much.

Went to the docs on monday, it's kidney stones. They assume it's calcium oxalate, the common type. Weird I haven't been upping my calcium intake aside from a 1 a day vitamin.

Proceeded to drink 3 gallons of water and 2 gallons of limeade in a day.

Still hardly peeing given the MASSIVE fluid intake.

Wakeup this morning with a bursting bladder. Sprint to the bathroom.

It's a firehose, but not just a regular firehose, it's pouring out me with force, splashing against the toilet so hard it's spraying back against my legs.

Then the pain hits. With emphasis. I regret my life choices. I feel the stream lessen, and what feels like gravel start tearing through my urethra. #Ohno.  Oh yes. Out comes what feels like gravel tearing through my shaft and tip. Ever wondered what peeing gravel feels like? It's gross. And not fun.
Try and catch them with strainer.
Success, drop off to lab.

But hey, my kidneys don't hurt, and my back isn't in agony from just existing.

Go to gas station for my coffee, breakfast, and waters, look at the ingredients on the ph 9+ stuff. Water, calcium carbonate. FML. I've been drinking this stuff for like 3+ months straight, there's my extra calcium intake.

Call doc's office, explain to nurse I won't need any extra procedures for stone breaking. Explain what happened, she laughs, says it's good news, stick to regular water.

DOH

Here's your PSA: don't drink the koolaid and by that I mean the mineral laden water, for months on end.

TL;DR:
Drank ph 9 water for 3 months. Gave myself kidney stones. They increase PH via calcium carbonate that leads to calcium oxalate stones.