This story is something I only tell at the darkest hours of the night.

A few years ago, my friend and I were cruising down Main Street, trying to pick up something sweet on the street. Then, we saw it: an unfamiliar side-street that cut up to Northern Liberties by hugging the sheer clifface. What's more, we saw a crazy loop right at the top, like in the Hot Wheels board game. I remember looking at each other, lowering our sunglasses with our fingers to make eye contact, and nodding in silence. 

We were gonna do the loop.

I remember the exhilirating feeling of my heart pounding in my chest as he pressed his foot on the pedal, swerving over breath-taking vistas as my friend drove—white-knuckled and pale—up the treacherous cliff face. Then, we were upon the loop, and I felt my weightless body moving up against my beltbuckle for a swift second at the peak, before the wheels churned against the asphalt and we raced back down. My eyes opened (I had closed them in the overwhelmance of the moment) and I burst out with a laugh, turning to my friend at the wheel...

And then I saw him. I—I saw *it*.

A chimpanzee was sitting on the driver's seat, struggling to put his feet on the pedals while holding on to the wheel. My laughter broke, my heart skipped a beat, and my tongue went dry all at once. I remember shouting at him: "why are you a chimpanzee?!"

But he couldn't speak, barely managing a frightened look in my direction before some primitive animal instinct must've taken hold, and all familiarity was erased from his pained eyes. The chimpanzee—no longer my friend, no longer human-souled—jumped out of the car, trying to extricate itself from a situation which it could not begin to fathom with its puny ape brain. It was a miracle that, reaching over to the wheel, I was able to survive and crashed into a tree a hundred feet down the street.

Since then, I have taken many rides with my worst of enemies to the same loop—for now I know that, whosoever drives a car (succesfully or not) through that accursed *loop* shall become... a chimpanzee.