I never thought I would be posting here as I (50m) have been together with my wife (51f) for almost 30 years and have a very trusting and fun relationship.  Yet today I fell for one the oldest tricks in the book, expecting a laugh, perhaps even a "You Wish" reply from my wife.  

So to begin, my wife does not like politics.  Whenever a conversation starts about it she will always bow out or try to change the subject.  She definitely knows what is going on and is very knowledgeable of current affairs, but does not enjoy discussing the reasons behind it.  I am a middle of the road democrat and have no trouble debating back and forth on any subject.  So on the fuck up.

I was looking over the popular Reddit posts when I came across the video of the Finnish PM Sanna Marin dancing at a club with some singer guy.  I audibly said, "Uh-Oh, now she's in trouble".  My wife, sitting not far from me asked who was in trouble. So I told her.  I then proceeded to tell her about the flak that Sanna Marin has been taking about partying and pictures and videos of the same, and her taking a drug test and all of that.  But the fuck up came when I showed her the video of her dancing with the singer guy.  She agreed with me that the video is going to cause problems with the very least her home life, but then she asked to watch the video again and that is when she asked THE question.  "Do you think she's attractive?"

Over the course of 30 years I bet I have been asked this question at least a few dozen times.  Depending on the circumstances I have had a variety of different answers.  For example, when in our twenties and early thirties, if we were out at a restaurant and an overly flirty waitress was trying to obtain a better tip and I was asked I would answer with something along the lines of, "She is ok looking, but not near as beautiful as you".  If the same situation presented itself while in our late thirties or forties,  I would however answer with a little more playful ribbing.  Such as "She is ok looking but not as beautiful as you.  Besides you know that I hate a woman with breasts that large".  And my answers were always met with laughter or a playful smack to the side of my head.  So when presented this question about a woman in her mid thirties who lives thousands of miles away and even without the age and distance difference would be totally out of my league, my tiny brain tells me to say, "I'd do her".    

No laughter, no playful smack, just a hmmmm and a frown.  I have been around long enough to know this means I sleep on the couch tonight and will probably be shot down next time I try for fun time but I swear I only said it as a joke and thought she would laugh. I will be ordering flowers tomorrow morning making sure she knows that she is still the most beautiful woman in the world to me.

TL;DR  Told my wife I would have sex with the Finnish Prime Minister and now I am in the doghouse.