I came across this case in 2019 while scanning Charley Project. I filed the details to my memory because it’s rather bizarre - I really have a bad feeling about what happened to Heidi. Something about this case just gives me the chills. Unfortunately, I forgot her name in the ensuing years. I’d occasionally search chronologically to see if I’d come across it again &amp; couldn’t find it - until now. It isn’t a “popular” case, but it should be better known than it is.

In 1987, Heidi Ann Zampell was living in Naples, FL and worked at the Coastland Mall for a store called Bathtique. She was 22 years old and a graduate of Naples High School. She was living with a roommate at the Lely Estates in Naples and had a military boyfriend stationed in West Germany. Originally, she was from the Wenham/Hamilton area of Massachusetts and attended Hamilton-Wenham Regional
High School prior to her Florida move. The Massachusetts branch of Zampells are well known for their prominent construction &amp; fireproofing business Zampell Refractories.

The day of Heidi’s disappearance (06/18/1987), she finished a shift at the mall at 5 pm and requested a ride to Golden Gate, FL from her friend Jim Helle (Zampell’s driver’s license was suspended at the time due to unpaid parking tickets.) She asked to be dropped off at the property of Arthur Sims in the Golden Gate Estates neighborhood. Sims was a minister at the Naples Independent Bible Church. 

Allegedly, Helle dropped Zampell off at the edge of Sims property around 6 pm. She was last seen walking towards the property. It should be noted that the front of Sims property is large and wooded with a long winding dirt road to the house.

She wasn’t reported missing until 3 days later (June 21st) when she didn’t visit her family for Father’s Day. After the investigation started, Sims was questioned and claimed he never met Heidi nor was she a member of his congregation. The friend who dropped her off, Jim Helle, apparently went to high school with Heidi. I couldn’t find much about him, other than he had run-ins with the law (theft, probation violations, domestic violence, drug charges, etc.) and died relatively young (Helle passed in 1999). Police never named him or the minister as persons of interest in Zampell’s case. Helle changed his last name  to Hanifen after Zampell’s disappearance. The minister has led an uneventful life in service of various churches in FL.

Zampell didn’t have an active passport or driver’s license. She was last seen carrying only a makeup bag. Additionally, she didn’t pick up her last paycheck and left behind all of her personal belongings. She didn’t have a history of running away or mental illness. She was hearing impaired and wore hearing aids in both ears. She also had an unspecified eight inch scar on her abdomen.

Obviously, it looks like Jim Helle is responsible, however, why would he give such a specific location for her disappearance? Is there a possibility the minister knew Helle and was covering up for him? But why would Sims do that? Also, if we are to believe Helle’s story, why did Zampell request to be dropped off there, when she didn’t know Sims? Could she have been confronting Sims for some unknown reason? Is a third party involved? More importantly, there’s no trace Heidi dead or alive. It’s all extremely bizarre to me. 

What happened to Heidi Zampell?

All of the information provided was gathered from the links below:

[Charley Project](https://charleyproject.org/case/heidi-ann-zampell)

[Websleuths](https://www.websleuths.com/forums/threads/fl-heidi-ann-zampell-22-naples-18-june-1987.371695/)