
So throwback to me just turning 18. I was still in high school, still lived with my parents, and still was a virgin. I was very sheltered growing up. I was the baby of the family and held at a higher standard than my brother. I usually never rebelled against my parents but I was at that age where my hormones were raging and I just wanted to experience what all the hype was about. I’ve always been a bigger girl and not too many guys were into girls like me in high school. So I decided I should join tinder. I matched with a few guys here and there and nothing really came out of those matches. But eventually I matched with this one guy who was 18 as well. We hit it off instantly and talked for a few days. One night we were getting really into it and our conversation started getting a little spicy. We sent each other pictures and were super into each other. We’ll call the guy Joe. So, Joe decided one night at 2 am that he wants to take it to the next step and help me lose my virginity. Me being all hot and bothered agreed and gave him my address. Keep in mind that I’m still living with my parents and they still pay all my bills. Our rooms are also attached, to get to my room you had to go through my parents room. Well it’s now 2:30 am and Joe shows up. He’s a bigger guy and about 6’3. The only way of getting in the house without anyone knowing/hearing would be to climb through the window. He manages to make it through with a few bumps and noises, but the dogs and my parents didn’t seem to hear. We thought we were in the clear. He gets in my room and instantly starts making out with me. We didn’t do much foreplay and he just whips it out. Of course I picked a guy that was… gifted for my first time. I wasn’t as ready as I would’ve liked to have been but I was too nervous to stop him. He gets in and it instantly hurt. I being the SMART person I am, jerked my arm out of reaction and end up knocking my lamp off my bed side table. It shatters and the dogs start losing it. Joe jumps up, fixed himself back into his pants and runs towards the window. I was smart enough to lock the door, however, my stepdad managed to bust through the door and get a glimpse of Joe jumping out my window. My dad runs out of the room and grabs his pistol as I stick my head out the window to tell Joe to run. He makes it to his car and you could hear the tires screech as he sped off. My dad was on the porch, gun in hand, watching as he sped off. That night I got chewed out by my parents and was grounded the rest of my senior year. My parents bring up that story for a good laugh since they find it hilarious now. But I’m still embarrassed. And to top it off, Joe never spoke to me again. 

TL;DR : TIFU by inviting over a guy I just met to lose my virginity in my parents house. Probably should’ve just waited until I was out of high school